this is a bugatti chiron and it is
currently the fastest production car you
can buy it'll do 261
miles per hour it's also the most
powerful production car you can buy back
here is an eight liter quad turbocharged
16 cylinder engine that makes
1500 horsepower it's also the most
expensive new production car you can buy
the base price of this car is just a
shade under 3 million
today i'm going to take you on a tour of
it
now i've borrowed this shiron from
bugatti who's pretty much the only
people crazy enough to let me drive it
but this was organized by grand touring
autos here in toronto in ontario canada
grand touring autos is the bugatti
dealer here in toronto and they also
have a few other exotic brands
lamborghini bentley rolls-royce etc and
they're opening a new location and so
bugatti lent them this car to have on
display for the grand opening but that's
tomorrow today i drive it and i
sincerely hope i don't crash it anyway
let's get to all the important stuff
bugatti as you probably know has a
history of making sports cars and race
cars that goes back over a century
volkswagen bought them about 20 years
ago and eventually released the veyron
which was the fastest car on earth at
the time but the original veyron had
only a thousand horsepower and it could
only do
253 miles an hour to numbers that simply
had to be bested and so there's this the
sharon has
1500 horsepower which to be clear is six
honda s 2000s the base price is
2.998 million dollars before options
which are surely plentiful and
extravagant the charon is also the
fastest production car in the world
available right now it'll do
260 miles an hour although it's not
quite as fast as the world record
edition of the veyron which was its
predecessor that could hit almost 270
not that anyone will ever do that speed
of course but you could anyway today i'm
going to take you on a tour of the
shiron and i'm going to show you all of
its interesting quirks and features
which are plentiful then i'm going to
get it out on the road and drive it and
then i'm going to give it a dug score
and for more of my thoughts on the
shiron click the link below to visit
autotrader.com oversteer where i've
compiled a list of the most expensive
cars currently listed for sale on
autotrader
now i'm going to start in front with the
grill which is a very distinctive shape
they call it a horseshoe shaped grill
and it has been a characteristic shape
on bugatti's going back to the start of
time my favorite bugatti that used it
was the eb-110 which had a totally
different front end that didn't really
work with the grill and yet they
incorporated it anyway because bugattis
must have this grill another thing i
like up front is the leds and the
headlights the design of them the look
of them is very cool with these four
little squares on each side it is a very
nice look these are just the regular
running lights if you're wondering why
the lights are flickering it's due to
the frame rate of the camera the lights
actually look solid when you look at
them in person they don't actually
flicker when you see this car on the
street now when you turn on the
headlights they come on in the middle of
the outer two running lights turn on the
brights and they turn on in between the
inner two running lights but my favorite
is the turn signals which appear as four
light strips below the led running
lights which is a really cool look we
aren't done with the front of the
cherone yet another interesting item
with the headlights is the welcome
lights when you have the key in your
pocket and you approach this your own
the leds turn on and they don't just
turn on they turn on in sort of a
pattern to welcome you to your bugatti
experience the welcome lights are also a
little hard to see due to the camera
frame rate but basically as you approach
the car they first light up one at a
time at half brightness from the outside
going into the grill in the center and
then they light up at full brightness
going the opposite direction which is
really cool also cool with the
headlights on the inside of the
headlights you can see that there is a
little duct there what does that duct do
well it cools the brakes that's right
there is a channel from the headlights
to the brakes in this car and it keeps
the brakes cool to allow them to provide
maximum stopping power another cool
channel you'll see in the front in the
chiron is down here in the bumper and
you can tell this channel doesn't really
go to anything it sort of starts in the
front and ends right on the inside of
the wheel arch it turns out that's
functional that's actually designed to
send air in a very specific place to
minimize turbulence on the side of the
car to make it just a little bit
slipperier so the car can achieve better
acceleration and high speeds speaking of
brake cooling the front brakes in this
car are 16 and a half inches which is
just massive that's a pretty good wheel
size for most cars and in this car it's
the brakes so you can see why they would
need to be cool but back to the grill
for a minute next i want to discuss
the bugatti emblem now as you can see
the bugatti emblem is front and center
in the grill and bugatti says that this
is the one part of the car that they
made unnecessarily heavy when it didn't
have to be that's because the bugatti
emblem is made of silver but of course
it is it really sort of drives home the
luxury car point and next up we move on
to the trunk which is up front now there
are a couple of interesting things about
the trunk starting with the trunk lid
itself take a look at the design of this
trunk lid it sort of looks like the
batman logo it's a very cool piece when
it's opened it's very nice look now on
top of the trunk lid you can see this
car is finished in this blue carbon
finish and the bugatti people told me it
meets in the center in this perfect 45
degree angle and they accept nothing
less that's the sort of perfection you
demand when you're charging three
million dollars for a vehicle next up we
move on to the trunk itself now opening
the trunk is done just like a lot of
other sports cars you pull a little
latch in the driver's foot well that
brings it to this position then there's
a little latch under here you pull it
and it opens right up there are a couple
of interesting things you'll find once
you get under here the first of which is
there's this big black metal divider in
the trunk now i asked the bugatti people
about that and they told me that the
rule is in the north american market if
your trunk is a certain uninterrupted
volume then you are required by law to
put one of those interior trunk handles
inside the trunk so if someone gets
stuck or locked in your trunk then you
can get out bugatti didn't want to add
one of those interior trunk handles just
for the north american market so they
added this divider to split the trunk in
half which decreased the total
uninterrupted trunk volume just enough
so they could avoid this regulation and
that is why only the north american
shiron models have this divider in them
now a couple of other interesting things
you will find in the trunk of this car
one is the overall size bugatti says it
is sized to store a carry-on bag for an
airplane obviously the north american
version with the divider in it is a
little bit hampered for size because the
divider sort of bisects the trunk but
nonetheless that was the original design
specification now another interesting
item in the trunk you will see over on
the right side of the trunk there's a
little sort of piece of luggage that's
strapped in there alcantara that holds
the tire inflator kit this car obviously
doesn't have enough room for a full-size
spare tire so instead you unzip that and
you get the tire inflator kit and it's
designed to fit perfectly on the side of
your trunk also a couple of other
interesting items inside the trunk one
of which is right above the tire
inflator kit it's a little plaque that
is printed for every shiran and it says
bugatti and says where it's built and it
says one of 500 which by the way is the
production run of this vehicle bugatti
says they're only going to build 500 of
these for the entire world the other
interesting label inside the trunk is
the one that says warning temperature
inside the trunk may exceed
122 degrees which is 50 degrees celsius
just letting you know if you put
something in there it might get hot next
we move on to the side of the charon
where you can see that the most visually
obvious and interesting item is this
silver sweeping line that sort of goes
along the entire side of the car they
call this the bugatti line or the c line
since it's shaped like a c now it's a
very beautiful piece but it's also
functional the line sort of separates
the rear fender from the rest of the car
in back which allows a lot of air to
come in back there in order to cool the
engine which is obviously important for
an engine this large a couple of
interesting things about the bugatti
line one is that it's this giant
unbroken piece of aluminum that starts
all the way down here and finishes all
the way back there it is absolutely
massive one other interesting item on
the side of the car you can see that
right behind the front window behind the
door you have the fuel door you just tap
it and it opens right up and then you
can see well actually it isn't the fuel
door at all instead that's where you put
in oil into the engine the fuel door is
on the other side the exact same size
and shape and you open it the exact same
way but that one has a picture of a
little gas pump on it as opposed to the
little oil lamp on the other side next
we move on to the back of the shiron
there are a couple of interesting items
worth mentioning i'm going to start with
the engine itself you can see that
printed on the engine it says w16 on one
side and
1500 on the other side representative of
how many horsepower this car has also
you can see the two bugatti logos
printed there on the engine that's kind
of a cool little touch one interesting
item about the engine though is it can't
be accessed you cannot actually open
this to get into the engine so you can't
tinker on your shiron by yourself which
frankly is probably a good thing that's
why the oil cap is over there on the
side looking like the fuel cap so if you
want to add oil you can do it through
there otherwise the engine is best to be
left to the professionals one other
interesting item in the vicinity of the
engine you can see that line that goes
across the center of the engine it goes
right down the middle well that line
actually goes down the entire car it's
carried throughout the entire vehicle
including in the interior which i'll
show you in just a minute next up a
couple of other interesting traits back
here and obviously you can see the brake
lights on either side that's no surprise
but there's also this red strip of light
that goes down the entire middle of the
back of this car the bugatti people told
me that the designers refer to this as
the kiss goodbye since if you ever try
to race a shiron this light will give
you a kiss goodbye as you see it pulling
away next up you can see another
important item worth mentioning back
here and that would be
the wing now the wing has several
different positions that it can be in
right now it's in kind of its normal
position which it's in a lot of the time
when you're driving along providing some
downforce now the car has various drive
modes which i'll get to in a minute and
they sort of change the position of the
wing for example if you're in handling
mode and you're on a race track the wing
changes to provide more downforce better
for going around corners if you go into
top speed mode it lowers to make the car
more slippery and more aerodynamic and
the wing can also make itself into an
air brake so when you slam on the brakes
at high speed the wing shoots up and
basically provides drag to help you slow
down in addition to the regular brakes
you already have one interesting quirk i
like about the wing you'll notice that
the wing is made of carbon fiber just
like the rest of the body of this car
but take a look when it's up there is
even carbon fiber underneath the wing
now mostly when the car is parked the
wing is down so you probably won't see
that but bugatti decided to put extra
carbon fiber under the carbon fiber just
in case someone parks it with the wing
up in order to ensure that it always
looks perfect that is impressive
attention to detail also cool the brake
light is kind of interesting it has this
sort of aero design on the top and they
light up when you press the brakes or
you put on the turn signal and they
blink and it's kind of a cool look
that's kind of a departure from your
typical car interestingly the third
brake light in this car the one in the
middle is hidden you would never know
that it's there but when you put the
brakes on you can see it it's just a
thin little strip of brake light right
above the bugatti logo in back and on
the subject of the far back of this car
we have to talk about the elephant in
the room or at least the elephant on the
bumpers for all shiron models sold in
the united states bugatti has to install
these big black plastic bumpers in back
in order to meet the united states
federal government five mile an hour
bumper safety regulation you will not
see this on any other chiron sold
anywhere else in the world only on the
u.s cars and i suspect most u.s owners
will remove them the moment they take
delivery of course one other item we
have to mention is the sound and so now
we will take a listen to the shiron
next we move on to the inside of the
sheer owner you start by opening the
surprisingly light door it is made of
carbon fiber after all the first thing
you notice down on the floor next to the
seat is a little keyhole well that's
where the speed key goes if you want to
go the car's full top speed you have to
actually put a key in that keyhole in
order to activate the highest speed mode
so where does that key live well
actually it's right next to the keyhole
it's marked shirone and you just take it
out and you pop it open just like a
regular volkswagen or audi folding key
you stick it in there and then you
access top speed mode which gets you up
to 260. now interestingly you can't just
stick the key in and go 260 the car also
does a check of oil cooling everything
to make sure it's ready to go that fast
and then you're able to go the full 260.
if you don't stick the key in and enter
top speed mode the highest you can get
up to is 236. now beyond the top speed
key you might be wondering exactly what
the regular key looks like in the
bugatti chiron and well it looks like
this it's just a key but it's wrapped in
leather and it says bugatti on it and
it's very nice and it only has lock or
unlock buttons on it it's worth noting
that this car has a proximity sensor so
you never really have to take the key
out of your pocket which is good because
there's no little hoop for you to put
this on a keychain i guess bugatti feels
this doesn't belong with the keys to
lesser vehicles one interesting item
when you get inside the car you don't
have to take the key out of your pocket
but there is a little key storage area
to the right of the steering wheel put
the key in there and then that's a place
where you can keep it while you're
driving along of course when you're
ready to get out of the car you'll want
to make sure to take the key out of that
key storage area let someone come and
steal your bugatti now if you look over
there next to the top speed keyhole
you'll also find a few other items one
of which is the parking brake you push
it or pull it to turn it on or off
pretty simple there's also the memory
settings for the driver's seat you can
set various different memory positions
so it goes into the position you most
desire
it's not particularly unusual next up
moving on to the door panel over on the
driver's side it has one especially cool
quirk to it and that would be the way
the window switches and the door locks
sort of stick together it's a very cool
look you got the window switches on top
you push and pull them roll the windows
up or down but then below that you have
the lock and unlock button and when you
just sort of take them in as one whole
piece it's a very clean and cool look
what's interesting is the mirror
controls which frankly just look like
regular mirror controls from a regular
vehicle you put it on l you adjust the
left mirror you put it on r you adjust
the right mirror you can fold in the
mirrors and you can turn on the mirror
heaters and yes you can fold in the
mirrors here's what it looks like when
you fold in the mirrors on a bugatti
chiron next up moving further inside the
interior it's hard not to be truly
amazed with just the physical materials
in here the leather the aluminum the
carbon nothing is pretending to be
anything else it looks like carbon it is
if it looks like aluminum it is
everything feels and looks
so nice and when you touch everything
there's just this solid feel to
everything precisely as you'd expect
from a three million dollar car but back
to the quirks one interesting item is
just how many storage cubbies are inside
this car there is one storage cubby in
the driver's door panel and a second
storage cubby in the driver's door panel
same on the passenger side two storage
cubbies in the door panel there's one
little storage area in the middle in the
center console and then there are two
other interesting ones one is the glove
box in order to open the glove box you
push a little button in the glove box
pops open the glove box is cooled in
this car so if you want to bring a drink
with you and your sharon you can keep it
cool in the glove box also interesting
there is a little storage cubby
underneath the center control stack with
the switches and check this out this car
has double paned glass for more
quietness which can sometimes interfere
with phone reception but if you put your
phone in that little storage cup and if
you have it connected with bluetooth the
phone will actually use the antenna in
the vehicle which is hidden inside the
windshield for better reception as you
drive along thus negating the problem
you might have with reception and the
double paned windows now another item
you might find interesting when you get
inside this car you look around you'll
notice there's no touch screen in here
which i imagine would upset a lot of
people i've paid 3 million for a car and
i don't even get a touch screen
everything has one of those well the
theory here is bugatti wanted the
interior to be timeless they knew this
car would be special in 10 years 20
years 50 years and they also knew any
screen they put in today would look
outdated and terrible in just a few
years look at the navigation system from
2005. so instead they tried to keep the
interior relatively clean of stuff like
that that would date the car and make it
look old it's the same story with the
speedometer in the middle of the gauge
cluster it's not an electronic screen
like it is in so many other cars instead
it's a traditional analog speedometer
which is designed to be timeless to
still look good in 40 or 50 years when
everybody laughs at the screens of today
next we move on to the air vents which
are rather interesting for one thing
they're rather small although i've
noticed that when you turn on the car
and blast the ac the size of them
doesn't really matter it gets a lot of
air conditioning in this cabin it's a
relatively small interior more
interesting is the way they move you can
move them from side to side pretty
easily or you can move them up and down
using this little dial in the middle
which is sort of unorthodox air vent
movement but that's how it works in the
shiron it's also worth noting one other
interesting item the bugatti people told
me this car has the first airbag in the
world that shoots through carbon fiber
if you get in an accident the airbag on
the passenger side shoots through carbon
fiber to make sure you aren't injured
it's the same story with the side impact
airbag in the seats the side air bag
will shoot through the carbon fiber of
the seats in order to protect you in an
accident it's the first airbag ever to
do that next we move on to the center
control stack and specifically the
center control stack dials which are
among the most interesting i've ever
seen here's what i mean right now you
can see these dials are just climate
controls all four have a different
function the one on top adjusts where
the air comes out the next one adjusts
the fan speed and the amount of error
then below that you have the dial that
changes the climate control air
temperature then the last dial turns on
the heated seat and if you tap the
little silver button below the seat icon
it toggles between the driver and
passenger heated seat but there's a
hidden trick if you hold down that
button that changes between the heated
seats well check this out now suddenly
every dial is completely different the
top dial now shows how much power you're
making in that given moment the next one
shows your current speed the next one
shows your engine rpm and the last one
shows what gear you're in move a dial to
change it though and it goes back to
being a climate control instantly but
after a few seconds it goes back to
showing the other items you were
displaying and here's the cool thing you
can choose a lot of different items to
display in the center dials there's a
gauge cluster screen that i'll cover in
more detail in a minute but for now if
you go into that screen you can
configure the dials in the center to
display all sorts of items for example
i've selected cruise display and now
they're showing trip statistics like
average speed and fuel economy but if
you want to turn them back just hold
down that button on the bottom and they
go right back to being climate controls
again next up in that same area another
interesting item in this car is the gear
lever which operates in sort of an
unusual function right now it's in park
if i pull it down that puts it in drive
if i move it over to the left that puts
it in neutral and if i move it over into
neutral and then push it down that puts
it into reverse then the gear lever sort
of goes back to the middle position
interestingly at any moment you can just
press the top of it and then you're
automatically in park two other
interesting items in the gear lever one
is that the top button which says press
to park for some reason there's chosen a
lowercase p for press and an uppercase p
for park i'm not really sure why but
it's one of the mysteries of the shiron
the other interesting thing about the
gear lever is it just falls so perfectly
into your hand it is tailored
specifically to fit exactly in your hand
and that is exactly what it does now
next we move on to the c bar or the
bugatti line in the interior now
remember that line on the outside that
sort of resembled the sea and i called
it the bugatti line well they have the
same thing
in the interior remember when i told you
that this car sort of has this line
going down the entire middle of it well
that is also true inside and it's this
bugatti line it sort of makes a c shape
in the interior and sort of bisects the
interior directly in the middle carrying
forward that styling cue from the
outside a couple of interesting things
about this little line in the middle one
is that it even bisects the rear window
meaning the rear window is split into
two separate pieces you have a left rear
window and a right rear window which you
won't see in a lot of other cars but the
most interesting thing about this line
in the middle is that you can turn it on
if you move the light switch in the
ceiling to the correct position this
light can turn on and you can drive
around at night with this light sort of
illuminating the middle of your car
bugatti says this light is the longest
uninterrupted interior light conductor
in the entire automobile industry and i
don't doubt it more importantly it's
just a really cool piece it brings in
the exterior styling into the interior
it looks really cool this is the only
car i've ever seen with anything even
similar to this also interesting when it
comes to lighting is the light switch
itself it's very beautiful just like
everything else in this car i've never
seen a light switch that looked so nice
and so upscale next up it's worth noting
that everything in this car can be
individualized you'll notice for
instance that the back of the seats say
shiron on them they told me you want to
make them say doug you could pay for
that no problem same story with the
passenger and driver side footwell they
also say shiron stitched onto them once
again you want to make it say doug no
problem or whatever you want it to do i
asked them do you turn down anything
what if someone wanted something crazy
they said we pretty much do what our
customers want we try to figure out a
way to make it work and to make our
customers happy a couple of other
interesting items this is what the sun
visor looks like in a bugatti shiro
notice there's no visor mirror on the
driver's side that's because if you're
driving one of these you don't need to
see a mirror to know that you look cool
but the passenger side sun visor does
have a visor mirror which is a nice
thoughtful touch one other interesting
item when you don't put a touch screen
in the center you don't have radio
controls in there so you might be
wondering how could you possibly turn on
the stereo well
go down the center control stack to the
very bottom right below the gear lever
and there is a simple on off button
press it and that turns on the radio
press it again and that turns off the
radio it is just that simple of course
that isn't the only way to access the
stereo there's more to it than that
which i will get to momentarily first i
want to talk about the steering wheel at
the base of the steering wheel you see
it says sharon which is a nice touch and
right above that it says lc which stands
for launch control you put on launch
control you put your foot on the brake
and the car sort of readies itself and
then you have about three seconds to get
your foot on the gas let off the brake
and take off
launching now one interesting thing
about launch control bugatti says they
refused to sign off on this thing being
ready to sell the customers until they
could do 200 launch starts
in one day and have the transmission
take it and not have any problems with
heat or braking or anything else like
that our next interesting item on the
steering wheel is the one that says
engine you press engine and of course
that turns the engine on press engine
again and that turns the engine off now
the other really interesting item on the
steering wheel is to the left and that
would be the dial that switches between
modes well what kind of modes does the
bugatti have the standard automatic mode
is eb you use that for around town
driving move it to the right and you'll
see a little highway that's called
autobahn mode it sort of lowers the car
a little bit you use that for the
highway at the bottom there's one with a
checkered flag on it which is handling
mode use that if you're on a race track
those are the three main modes you want
to use if you're in this car then of
course there's also top speed mode which
you can get into and then over on the
left there's one other mode and that's
called lift if you want to take this car
onto a flat bed or put it on a car haul
or something like that you might need a
little more ground clearance so you put
it over in lift mode and then it tells
you that it's going to lift motor you
can see the car actually rise up a
couple of inches to allow it to go onto
a carrier the other interesting items
worth mentioning in the vicinity of the
steering wheel are the stalks that come
off the steering wheel on the left you
have the turn signal stock which
operates like a regular old turn signal
stock no problem except you can see this
little on off thing in the middle you
can move it from on to off well that
turns on and off your cruise control it
is unlabeled it's just sort of a hidden
easter egg and that's not the coolest
thing about the cruise control that
comes over on the end of the stock you
see a little plus minus button that
allows you to change the cruise control
speed if you want to increase or
decrease your cruise control speed it's
the same story over on the wiper stock
it looks like a normal wiper stock and
you can change it one two three four
that sets the speed of the intermittent
wipers but there's also a little up down
arrow at the end that's your dimmer
switch for your gauge cluster if you
want it brighter or dimmer you just tap
those arrows and it does what you want i
find this especially cool because
instead of sticking more buttons and
dials for these functions elsewhere than
the interior bugatti just sort of saw a
place they could put them and kind of
keep them out of the way and keep the
interior decluttered it's a really cool
idea now speaking of a cool idea i
mentioned this car doesn't have a center
touch screen but it's worth noting that
it does have an infotainment screen and
it's inside the gauge cluster there are
several different menus to go through so
let's do that now you control the screen
with buttons on the steering wheel and
most of the menus are pretty typical
this one shows trip details for instance
like top speed and average miles per
gallon next up is the bugatti tire
pressure monitor which is of course
fancier than a normal car's there's also
a stopwatch for race track use this
screen also contains a navigation system
and stereo controls as you might expect
something you might not expect is this
an octane change feature this car is
only programmed to run 1500 horsepower
on 93 octane fuel so if you put a lower
octane in you're supposed to go in here
and change it which limits power to 1100
horses to prevent engine damage and yes
even in a bugatti chiron you can set a
speed warning that beeps at you if
you're going over a certain speed of
your choosing now that's the screen to
the right of the speedometer which is
the one you'll primarily use for most
vehicle functions as you can probably
tell but there's also a screen to the
left of the speedometer which is just as
much worth noting because it has some
important characteristics you can see
the outer edge shows your rpm as i rev
the engine you can see the tachometer
climb the inner edge shows your ps which
is basically a european equivalent of
horsepower shows exactly how much
horsepower you're using at any given
time or you can switch that screen to
show your precise engine rpm at any
given moment right down to the singles
digits so if you want to know precisely
whether the engine is turning at
1246 rpms well i guess you can find that
out the other interesting thing i like
in the left screen is if you open a door
it shows a top-down image of a bugatti
with the door open and that is a pretty
cool image it isn't just a generic car
like most other vehicles it is
unmistakably a shiron one last item open
the door at night and you can see this
car projects shiron onto the ground
below which is a cool little touch and
so that's the bugatti chiron now for the
scary part i'm gonna get out on the road
in a car that cost more than my house
and my neighborhood but first i had to
get gas yes i took the bugatti chiron to
a petro canada gas station and i filled
it up next to a mitsubishi outlander and
a dodge journey if you've ever wondered
how a bugatti chiron looks when it's
just sitting in a gas station well here
it is next i drove the car and i spent
about an hour in it mostly at high
speeds i didn't get a chance to film
many exterior shots of the car driving
though so i'm going to loop in some
shots i did take of the car at lower
speeds even though they don't really
match up to my driving experience just
so you can see what the sharon looks
like on the move
okay
i'm a little nervous wouldn't wouldn't
like to pretend that i'm not that's sort
of the reality of this the first
impression you get when you're in one of
these is just
you're like oh my god i'm in one of
these like that's that's the first thing
you're saying you look down the steering
wheel and you got the bugatti logo there
and you're like what has my life come to
that i'm driving this car it's almost
hard to sit behind the wheel here and
not think to yourself this is absolutely
an incredible thing you think about it
i'm behind a taha this thing is worth
you know a hundred times that and so
you're that's something that
can't not be on your mind unless you
are just so rich that you don't care and
even just tapping the throttle you can
hear the engine start to do its thing
and you just know that there is so much
more there if you want it
that was just a little tap at the base
of the throttle florida for just a brief
second it is tremendously incredibly
fast absolutely unbelievably fast i'm
gonna try that again
wow wow
yeah i mean the thing about it is there
is some turbo like if you sort of ease
into it but if you drop your hammer the
car knows what you want to do and it
absolutely does it and it does it
incredibly fast and it does it with so
much force one thing that i find
interesting this car is a little bit
quicker than the 918 which i also drove
um but it feels
the 19 felt tremendously stable but this
feels more
luxurious isn't the right word but it
just it doesn't the 918 felt more like a
crazy go-kart and it was loud and nuts
and you're going whatever you want this
feels like you could just cruise at
about 300 miles an hour doing whatever
you wanted to do it's amazing to me that
i'm just i can just then drive it along
on like a nice smooth road and it just
feels like a car i really do feel like
you could kind of take this on a road
trip if you want there's a ton of room
here i've got i mean i'm six three i've
got at least three inches between you
know my head and the ceiling i got room
in the footwell everything and i can put
my seat back further and it's a
comfortable seat it's not one of those
crazy gt3 sports seats where you want to
die you could be lulled into forgetting
that you're driving a bugatti you could
just say to yourself yeah i'm in a car
i'm just kind of cruising along but then
you tap the throttle and you remember
everything sitting at a stop stop light
stop sign it feels it feels nice you
hear the motor obviously it's a giant
insurance right behind you but other
than that it sort of feels like a car
you don't hear much outside noise the
double pane windows kind of take care of
all that and so you really it ends up
being almost sort of a luxury car
experience when you're stopped or when
you're going low speed the transmission
is really quick um the shifts are the
shifts are immediate when you're in just
regular drive mode and sort of going at
a normal pace
um
you don't feel them at all
uh they're it's a dual clutch and
obviously it's a very very smooth one
and it feels just fantastic it's
actually quite surprising full throttle
if you roll
it's
you're in you're in lose your driver's
license territory before you even
realize it it is
unbelievable how fast this thing is and
it does it drama-free and that's
probably the most unbelievable thing
about it it's just
absolutely euphoric and of course it's
going 100 build speed that i shouldn't
say
kilometers 100 kilometers of course it's
going that fast that's that's what it
does and the funny thing is you're not
going to reach even close to the car's
capabilities uh
driving in any sort of regular traffic
or normal scenario with a handling grips
and grips and grips you feel like you
could go a lot faster than this handling
mode that does tighten up the steering
boy it just grips like crazy i mean i
shouldn't be going that fast
and there's no body roll and you really
feel like you can kind of do just about
anything there's absolutely no feeling
at any point
of
you know loss of control or anything
like that in this car which is almost
hard to imagine something 1500
horsepower when you drive the demon and
you float in that thing and you're like
hang on this thing it's more like
it's just very stable just
what you the thing you think about i
think when you're driving this car is
engineering that's the thing that i
really am thinking about it's just
they've engineered out all the the
scariness and everything and only left
you with
the good stuff and so that's the bugatti
chiron even though this car is
absolutely amazing incredible in every
way some car enthusiasts aren't all
positive about it some people say it's
too heavy there's too much engineering
it's too expensive there's not enough
emotion in it but i think people mostly
say that because they know they'll never
have the chance to own one they'll never
have the chance to drive one to sit in
one to even see one perhaps but i'll
tell you something i've driven one and
it's amazing so you can cut that crap
out right now
anyway now it's time to give it a doug
score starting with the weekend
categories and styling the charon is
beautiful but there's a lot of
controversy about the styling it falls
just sort of perfect and it gets a 9 out
of 10. acceleration there is no argument
it easily gets a 10 out of 10. handling
is excellent among the best but the
shiron is a bit heavy and the steering
is just a bit light and it gets a 9 out
of 10. fun factor is obvious it of
course earns a 10 out of 10 and the same
is true for cool factor and easy 10 out
of 10 for a total weekend score of 48
out of 50. that ties the very best
meaning the daily score is make or break
so we start with the daily categories
and features the sharon is loaded but
it's low on modern high-tech equipment
in part that's by design but this car
has no radar crews no blind spot monitor
even it gets a six out of ten comfort is
impressive especially considering what
it is it gets a 5 out of 10 which is a
great score for a car like this quality
is top-notch this is one of the nicest
interiors i've ever seen but i'd
seriously feel long-term reliability and
ownership costs so i can't give it more
than a seven out of ten practicality is
next and it's surprisingly drivable and
usable but it attracts massive amounts
of attention the cargo room is
hilariously small and it gets a 1 out of
10. finally there's value this one will
start some arguments but here's the
thing there's nothing else like it
nothing that combines the best supercar
performance with the best luxury car
materials and craftsmanship there will
be depreciation if the veyron has
anything to go by but if you have the
money and you want the ultimate car this
is that still three million dollars is
an insane amount of money and it gets a
6 out of 10 for a daily score of 25 out
of 50. added up and the doug score is 73
out of 100 which makes it the new doug
score champion by a mere single point
over the 918 spider in the amg wagon
here's a comparison with a few other
modern super cars i've tested and you
can see the shiron is simply the best
then again it had better be given the
price tag
but even when you floor it even when you
oh god
kim what are the odds of that
he's not he doesn't have his radar cut
on it
that would have been a story